{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs52\lang9 PRIMARY PERSONA\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Name: Augusta Cezarescu\par
Date of birth 11/12/2000\line Gender: Female\par
Location: Bucuresti, Romania\par
Main points:\par
\tab Experience with certain products: Enjoy doing sport.\par
\tab Dislikes about certain aspects: Dislikes getting no respect.\par
\tab Disabilities relevant to our research: No relevant disabilites\par
\tab Working environment: No working environment\par
\tab Social connections: -\par
\tab Goals: Family and good friends\par
Goals:\par
\tab Practical goals: Not giving up and being competitive.\par
\tab Personal goals: Don't lose your integrity trying to win.\par
\tab Bussines goals: Work less to have time for yourself.\par
Frustrations and Pain Points:\par
\tab Not working enough when needed.\par
\tab Problems with attention sometimes.\par
Detailed Description:\par
\tab This female work in IT industry and works as a Software engineer but she likes doing physical activities. It is highly likely that this user will buy and share our product because she is into technology and she likes to do physical activities, so she has both needed interests: sport and technology.\line\tab This user represents a Primary but she has problems with attention, so maybe there should be a small number of players in the teams so that she can focus more easily on the opposing players and on the goal. The matches should also be quite short and competitive.\par
\par
Scenarios:\par
\tab Let's imagine the following series of events:\par
\tab -this user buys the application and starts using it\par
\tab -while playing, she notices that she loses some matches or misses good moments because her attention is not good enough, but she manages to overcome this aspect with time\par
\tab -with time she becomes very good at this game so she invites her friends from work or from her circle of friends to play with her to be able to prove to them that she is good at it and introduce them to the world of this application\par
\tab -our product is now bought by many people and distributed further very quickly\par
\line\tab\tab\tab\b\fs52 Negative persona\par
\par
\b0\fs22 Customer Persona:\par
Name: Benjamin Martinez\par
Date of birth: 09/28/1985\par
Gender: Male\par
Location: Austin, USA\par
\par
Main Points:\par
Experience with certain products: Enjoys outdoor activities and tactical games.\par
Dislikes about certain aspects: Dislikes complicated setup processes.\par
Disabilities relevant to our research: No relevant disabilities.\par
Working environment: Full-time job with flexible hours.\par
Social connections: Active in the local airsoft community.\par
\par
Goals:\par
Practical goals: Enhance tactical skills and teamwork in airsoft matches.\par
Personal goals: Stay physically active and meet new people with similar interests.\par
Business goals: None; not interested in the business aspect.\par
\par
Frustrations and Pain Points:\par
\par
Difficulty in finding organized airsoft matches and reliable teammates.\par
Limited access to real-time information about weapon replica stats during matches.\par
Lack of customizable match settings and preferences.\par
Detailed Description:\par
Benjamin is a passionate outdoor enthusiast with a particular interest in tactical games and airsoft. He has been actively participating in airsoft matches for several years and values teamwork and strategic thinking in gameplay. Benjamin enjoys the physical aspect of airsoft and sees it as an opportunity to stay fit and meet like-minded individuals.\par
\par
As an experienced airsoft player, Benjamin seeks a mobile application that can provide him with enhanced gameplay experiences. He values simplicity and efficiency in the setup process, as he dislikes spending too much time configuring match settings and assembling teams. The user-interface of the application should be intuitive and user-friendly, allowing Benjamin to quickly organize teams, select game types, and adjust match parameters.\par
\par
One of Benjamin's frustrations is the difficulty in finding organized airsoft matches and reliable teammates. The application should provide a platform for him to connect with other players, join existing teams, and schedule matches. This will enable Benjamin to have a more structured and enjoyable airsoft experience.\par
\par
Additionally, Benjamin desires access to real-time information about his weapon replica's stats during matches. The application's integration with the internal Bluetooth unit of the weapon replica would allow him to monitor ammo levels, battery capacity, and other maintenance data. This information would enhance his gameplay and tactical decision-making on the field.\par
\par
Benjamin's goals revolve around improving his tactical skills, fostering teamwork, and maintaining an active lifestyle. The application can support him in achieving these goals by providing a community-driven platform, access to real-time weapon data, and a variety of game types and match settings.\par
\par
Scenarios:\par
Let's imagine the following series of events:\par
\par
Benjamin discovers the airsoft application and is intrigued by its features and functionality.\par
He downloads the application and finds the setup process to be straightforward and user-friendly.\par
Benjamin starts participating in airsoft matches organized through the application and enjoys the seamless team formation and match scheduling.\par
During matches, he benefits from the real-time weapon replica data displayed on his synced smartwatch and augmented reality glasses, allowing him to make strategic decisions based on accurate information.\par
Impressed with the application's effectiveness, Benjamin recommends it to his friends and fellow airsoft players, contributing to its growth in popularity.\par
The application becomes a go-to tool for the local airsoft community, attracting a large customer base and expanding its reach.\par
In this scenario, Benjamin represents a customer persona for the airsoft application. He is an experienced player who values convenience, teamwork, and access to real-time data. By understanding the needs and preferences of customers like Benjamin, the developers and designers of the application can create a tailored experience that meets their expectations and enhances their enjoyment of airsoft matches.\par
\par
\tab\tab\b\fs52 Secondary Persona:\par
\b0\fs22 Name: Lucas Bennett\par
Date of birth: 03/17/1995\par
Gender: Male\par
Location: Los Angeles, USA\par
\par
Main Points:\par
Experience with certain products: Limited experience with airsoft games.\par
Dislikes about certain aspects: Gets frustrated with complex user interfaces.\par
Disabilities relevant to our research: No relevant disabilities.\par
Working environment: Freelancer with a flexible schedule.\par
Social connections: Active in local gaming communities.\par
\par
Goals:\par
Practical goals: Improve skills in airsoft games and have fun.\par
Personal goals: Connect with other airsoft enthusiasts and join a local team.\par
Business goals: None; not interested in the business aspect.\par
\par
Frustrations and Pain Points:\par
\par
Difficulty in understanding complex user interfaces.\par
Lack of knowledge about advanced airsoft tactics and strategies.\par
Inconsistent availability to participate in airsoft matches due to a freelance schedule.\par
Detailed Description:\par
Lucas is a casual gamer who has limited experience with airsoft games. He enjoys trying out different types of games but doesn't have extensive knowledge about advanced tactics and strategies. As a freelancer, Lucas has a flexible schedule that allows him to dedicate time to his hobbies, including airsoft.\par
\par
While Lucas is interested in the application, he may struggle with complex user interfaces. He prefers intuitive and user-friendly designs that are easy to navigate. Providing a streamlined and straightforward user interface will greatly enhance Lucas' experience and make it easier for him to engage with the application.\par
\par
Lucas's goal is to improve his skills in airsoft games and have fun while playing. He is also interested in connecting with other airsoft enthusiasts and potentially joining a local team. The application can help facilitate his goals by providing a platform for him to interact with other players, join teams, and access resources for learning and improving his gameplay.\par
\par
Scenarios:\par
Let's imagine the following series of events:\par
\par
Lucas downloads the airsoft application and starts exploring its features.\par
Initially, he finds some aspects of the user interface confusing and has difficulty setting up teams and match preferences.\par
With time and perseverance, Lucas learns how to navigate the application and customize his gameplay settings.\par
He participates in airsoft matches using the application and gradually improves his skills.\par
Lucas joins a local airsoft team through the application's community features, allowing him to connect with like-minded players and engage in more organized matches.\par
As Lucas becomes more involved in the airsoft community, he shares his positive experiences with friends and encourages them to try the application as well, contributing to its growth and popularity.\par
In this scenario, Lucas represents a secondary persona for the airsoft application. While he may not initially be highly skilled or experienced with the product, he has an interest in airsoft and is motivated to improve. Understanding secondary personas like Lucas helps the developers and designers of the airsoft application cater to the needs of a broader range of users, including those who are new to the game or have average proficiency.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\b\fs52 Negative Persona:\par
\b0\fs22 Name: Vincent Caldwell\par
Date of birth: 08/24/1992\par
Gender: Male\par
Location: Manchester, United Kingdom\par
\par
Main Points:\par
Experience with certain products: Has never played airsoft before.\par
Dislikes about certain aspects: Finds physical activities challenging and prefers indoor hobbies.\par
Disabilities relevant to our research: Has a mobility impairment and cannot engage in physical activities.\par
Working environment: Office job with limited physical activity.\par
Social connections: Active in online gaming communities and prefers virtual interactions.\par
Goals:\par
Practical goals: Improve skills in online gaming and connect with like-minded individuals.\par
Personal goals: Explore virtual reality and augmented reality experiences.\par
Business goals: None; not interested in the business aspect.\par
\par
Frustrations and Pain Points:\par
\par
Limited physical abilities restrict participation in physical activities like airsoft.\par
Lack of interest in outdoor activities and preference for indoor hobbies.\par
Frustration with the physical demands and competitive nature of airsoft matches.\par
Potential discomfort or inability to wear augmented reality glasses due to mobility impairment.\par
Detailed Description:\par
Vincent is a technology enthusiast who enjoys spending most of his time in virtual environments. He is an avid gamer and prefers online gaming communities over physical activities. He works in an office environment and does not engage in regular physical exercise. Due to a mobility impairment, he cannot participate in physical activities like airsoft. Vincent finds physical challenges frustrating and prefers hobbies that do not require physical exertion.\par
\par
While Vincent appreciates technology and enjoys exploring virtual and augmented reality experiences, the physical demands and competitive nature of airsoft matches do not align with his interests and capabilities. He may find it uncomfortable or impractical to wear augmented reality glasses due to his mobility impairment.\par
\par
Scenarios:\par
Let's imagine the following series of events:\par
\par
Vincent comes across the airsoft application but realizes that it involves physical activities that he cannot participate in due to his mobility impairment.\par
He decides to continue exploring virtual reality and augmented reality experiences in gaming that do not require physical exertion.\par
Vincent focuses on improving his gaming skills in virtual environments and connecting with like-minded individuals in online gaming communities.\par
He explores other virtual reality experiences that cater to his interests and capabilities, such as virtual reality gaming or simulations.\par
In this scenario, Vincent represents a negative persona for the airsoft application as he has limitations that prevent him from engaging with the physical aspects of the game. Understanding negative personas like Vincent can help the developers and designers of the airsoft application better tailor their product to accommodate a diverse range of users with varying needs and preferences.\b\fs52\par
}
 